The Turner Method:

1. Note the time at which
you want to see the available
balance.

2. Find the last transaction
that posted before that time.

3. Note the ledger balance
after the transaction.

4. Find, note, and sum all
holds that were active on
the account at the time you're
looking for.

5. Subtract the sum of all
holds from the previously
obtained ledger balance.

Et voila! Tu a fini!

Applying the Turner Method to POS Courtesy Pay

If a transaction is classified as Sig Auth/Sig Purch
courtesy pay's utilization is determined by the account's
ledger balance at the time the transaction posts (the
Sig Purch) as opposed to when it is authorized (the
Sig Auth). Thus, to see if courtesy pay was applied in
error or not, one can simply check the transaction
history and follow the "New Balance" column, ignoring
any and all holds.

However, if a transaction is classified as POS (Point of
sale) or ATM, courtesy pay's utilization is determined 
by the available balance at the time the transaction is
authorized.
Normally this isn't an issue because these transactions
post more or less immediately after they're authorized.
Some merchants, though, hold off on this and wait sometimes
a few days to push the transaction through.
When this happens courtesy pay is still based on the
available balance from those few days ago so determine
whether or not courtesy pay should have been used we
need to find out what that balance was. We can do so
using the Turner method.

1. Note the time at which
you want to see the available
balance.

In this case we want to see the balance at the time the
transaction was authorized so we need to find that time.

2. Find the last transaction
that posted before that time.

If looking at transaction history the effective date on
the transaction is the day it was authorized so it can
be used to narrow our search in the A-Bubble.

Once there simply look for that date, merchant and amount,
and it should repeat the same POS or ATM that's shown
in transaction history.

Note the exact time this authorization came through

Go back to transaction history and locate the last
transaction that posted before this time

3. Note the ledger balance after the transaction.

4. Find, note, and sum all
holds that were active on
the account at the time you're
looking for.

To narrow your search, skip over all holds that show
a released date that is before what you're looking for.
When you find a hold that was released on or after the
date in question, open it to check that the effective
date/time is before the time we're looking for and that
it was released after. For currently active holds, check
the effective date to if it was active at the right time.

Add up all the hold amounts and subtract that amount from
The previously obtained ledger balance. This amount should
equal the "Previous Available" column before the 
transactions we're checking and should be below 0.